docs: document new config for disabling path cache busting for media (#2414)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/infrastructure/filesystem.md

Changing the strategy on a shop with existing media changes the generated paths for those files, which will break existing URLs unless the files are moved to match. Choose a strategy before going live, or plan a migration of the affected paths.
:::

### Media path cache busting

> By default, Shopware adds the upload timestamp to the physical media path and adds the media update timestamp as a `ts` query parameter to its public URL. You can disable the path timestamp and use query-string cache busting only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Shopware appends the upload timestamp to the physical media path and includes the media update timestamp as a `ts` query parameter in its public URL. You can disable the path timestamp and use query-string cache busting only:
```

```yaml
# <project root>/config/packages/prod/shopware.yml
shopware:
  cdn:
    path_cache_buster: false
```

> With this setting, media uploaded or replaced after the configuration change keeps the same physical path. Its `ts` query parameter changes when the media changes, so newly rendered pages request the new version while older URLs continue to resolve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setting, media uploaded or replaced after the configuration change keeps the same physical path. Its `ts` query parameter updates when the media changes, so newly rendered pages request the new version while older URLs continue to resolve to the previous version.
```

Author: The older URL's don't resolve to the previous version. If you replace an image, the URL stays the same but it will show the new version of the image. That's for SEO, cached pages and mailing reasons
